[Outlook] (IRM) Remove preview tags for activation on IRM items feature (#3582)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/troubleshoot-outlook-add-in-activation.md

If your Outlook add-in is a read add-in and is supposed to be activated when the user is viewing a message (including email messages, meeting requests, responses, and cancellations) or appointment, even though these items generally support add-ins, there are exceptions. Check if the selected item is one of those [listed where Outlook add-ins don't activate](outlook-add-ins-overview.md#mailbox-items-available-to-add-ins).

Also, because appointments are always saved in Rich Text Format, an [ItemHasRegularExpressionMatch](/javascript/api/manifest/rule#itemhasregularexpressionmatch-rule) rule that specifies a **PropertyName** value of **BodyAsHTML** wouldn't activate an add-in on an appointment or message that's saved in plain text or Rich Text Format.

Even if a mail item is not one of the above types, if the item wasn't delivered by a version of Exchange Server that's at least Exchange 2013, known entities and properties, such as sender's SMTP address, wouldn't be identified on the item. Any activation rules that rely on these entities or properties wouldn't be satisfied, and the add-in wouldn't be activated.

> In Outlook on Mac and on the web, if your add-in activates when the user is composing a message or meeting request, make sure the item isn't protected by Information Rights Management (IRM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Outlook on clients besides Windows, if your add-in activates when the user is composing a message or meeting request, make sure the item isn't protected by Information Rights Management (IRM).
```
